latest version (#4887)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/version.md

---

> title: "About dbt --version"

Reviewer: We should link to this page [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-cli-flags#version) or maybe even remove that section from that page

Author: great flag! marking this as a fast-follow

sidebar_label: "version"
id: "version"
---

> The `--version` command-line option returns information about the currently installed version of dbt Core or the dbt Cloud CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--version` command-line flag returns information about the currently installed version of dbt Core or the dbt Cloud CLI.
```

> This option is not supported when invoking dbt in other dbt Cloud runtimes (like, the IDE or scheduled runs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag is not supported when invoking dbt in other dbt Cloud runtimes (for example, the IDE or scheduled runs).
```
